My name is Tokio
but when this story began
that wasn't my name
[Screaming] don't move or I'll blow you in half!
- How about stealing about 2.4 billion euros?
[Dramatic music]
[On the phone] Mom? I'm thinking of going on a trip.
[Music starts]
No one has ever hit that hard
not even in New York, London or Monte Carlo.
So if my picture needs to be in the news again,
at least it'll be for the greatest heist in history
Every family in this country will be asking
"what are they doing now?"
What are we robbing?
November
For more great stuff like this hit the subscribe button and like
What are we robbing?
The Royal Mint of Spain
It's absolutely imperative that the police
have no idea what we're doing.
You have to be very careful, because
the second anyone's blood is shed
we'll no longer be Robin Hood
but just a bunch of plain of motherfucking killers
[Screams]
It's time, so just trust us and obey.
But all that peace was only
the calm before the storm.
Things were about to get so fucked up
that we came very close to losing it all.
[Music plays]
Thief.
Murderer.
Money Heist